Live Green, Go Yellow!?
Published on February 06, 2006.
So I found this free t-shirt deal at GM.com.
You’re supposed to go here and click on “get stuff.”
What do I see when I go there?
The slogan: “Live Green, Go Yellow.”
And there’s a hot chick + Asian guy wearing the t-shirt!
Now, maybe I’m reading too much into this, but perhaps GM is trying to promote relations between hot chicks and Asian men.
Notice the giant graphic saying “Go get ‘em” pointing to Asian guy?
If that’s the case, I’m all for it!
Way to go, GM!
You’re the savior of Asian men the world over!
I’ll take one shirt!
I’m still not buying your cars, though.
EDIT: I think they ran out of shirts.
You could always try eBay .